TERRA NOVA - THE ONLY SPECIALIZED TOEFL PREPARATION CENTER IN CHISINAU, MOLDOVA TERRA NOVA ENGLISH LANGUAGE CENTER ADVANCED ENGLISH STUDY AT ITS BEST HOME ACADEMICS TOEFL PHOTOS LIBRARY CONTACTS FEEDBACK HOME WELCOME OUR STRENGTHS ENROLLMENT OUR POLICIES FAQ WELCOME DEAR FRIEND Welcome to the official website of Terra Nova, a private educational institution providing advanced English language studies. Terra Nova is the only specialized TOEFL preparation center in the Republic of Moldova. Preparing students for taking the TOEFL since 1998, we have earned the confidence of our students and our community over the years. Here yesterday and today, we will be here tomorrow as well. Prepare for the TOEFL iBT and study advanced English with Terra Nova - a name you can trust! OUR TOEFL PREPARATION COURSE IN BRIEF Duration: 3.5 months / 15 weeks / 90 hours Class size: 9-11 students Target group: upper-intermediate and advanced English students Tuition fee: U.S. $350 The fee INCLUDES the cost of provided handouts and other supporting materials, the cost of TOEFL essay checking, the cost of out-of-class counseling sessions with the instructor, and the cost of 2 textbooks TOEFL iBT Review and Grammar, Style, and Vocabulary Review . Would you like to receive more information? Please read the syllabus of the course. In case you have any questions about the enrollment process, TOEFL preparation at Terra Nova, the structure of the TOEFL iBT, or TOEFL administration in the Republic of Moldova, please feel free to send your inquiries directly to the TOEFL instructor of Terra Nova at terranovamd@gmail.com . You may also give us a call at +37362110011 (24/7). You are also welcome to leave a message on the wall of Terra Nova's Facebook group . Different courses used to be taught at Terra Nova. In 2005, when a new TOEFL format called TOEFL iBT was introduced, the school decided to focus on teaching only one course, TOEFL Preparation. If you want to understand academic English better, perfect your grammar- and style-related accuracy, enrich your TOEFL iBT vocabulary, polish up your listening and speaking skills, improve your reading speed and comprehension, develop your TOEFL iBT essay writing skills, learn test-taking strategies by answering TOEFL iBT questions and taking TOEFL iBT simulations, as well as to find out a lot of interesting and useful information about the United States, then this school is for you. Founded in September 1998, Terra Nova began its journey with only 10 students and a mission to provide intensive TOEFL preparation and advanced English education of high quality. At present, Terra Nova boasts an annual enrollment of more than 100 students. Our school is attended by students not only from Chișinău but also from other Moldovan settlements and even other countries. Even though many English schools exist in Chișinău and some of them are well known in the city as a result of their incessant aggressive advertising campaigns, there are many cogent reasons to entrust our school with your TOEFL iBT preparation. ENGLISH ONLY At Terra Nova, we have a strict English-only policy. While our students are in class or participate in school activities or events, they must speak English and ONLY English. Writing, reading, speaking, or listening to any language other than English are not permitted. Our strict English-ONLY policy promotes a serious studying atmosphere, facilitates learning test-taking strategies, and accelerates the process of acquiring advanced English language skills. GREAT INSTRUCTOR An ideal TOEFL instructor must have earned a degree from a famous American university, must have lived and worked in the United States for at least several years, must be both a linguist and a scientist as well as a psychologist. Our TOEFL instructor has native English speaker competence. He interned as a field crew member within the Pacific Resource Inventory, Monitoring, and Evaluation Program (PRIME) of the US Forest Service Pacific Northwest Research Station (Portland, OR, USA) in 1997, pursued a master's degree in the Department of Forestry and Natural Resources at Purdue University (West Lafayette, IN, USA) in 1996-1998, worked as a visiting scholar in the Department of Environmental Science, Policy, and Management of the College of Natural Resources at the University of California (Berkeley, CA, USA) in 2001, and volunteered as a ranger for Hawai'i Volcanoes National Park (HNP, HI, USA) in 2012. He has done scientific research for a large number of institutions located in the United States and the European Union. He has also participated in a number of programs and projects sponsored by the Bureau of Educational and Cultural Affairs (ECA) of the U.S. Department of State. Our TOEFL instructor has extensive English teaching experience. Since 1998, he has been preparing students for the TOEFL and guiding tours in English at the National Museum of Ethnography and Natural History. SMALL CLASSES In spite of the fact that the admission process at Terra Nova is rigorous and highly competitive, we have a relatively low student-teacher ratio, which does not exceed 11 students per class. Since English is learned with practice, it is only natural that the smaller the classes are, the more rapidly your language abilities will improve. Likewise, for fruitful TOEFL iBT preparation, it is very important that the class size be as small as possible. HOMEY ATMOSPHERE We have a well-equipped classroom, which is crucial for efficient TOEFL iBT preparation. The room is fully air-conditioned. There is always potable water (cold and hot) in the office, and so are complimentary Greenfield tea and Bucuria candy. We make every effort to create a homey atmosphere in our school, which, we believe, is one of the keys to fruitful acquisition of advanced English language skills and efficient TOEFL iBT preparation. UNIQUE PROGRAM Our unique TOEFL iBT preparation program is an amalgam of TOEFL iBT preparation, advanced English language skills acquisition, and American studies. While preparing for the TOEFL iBT, our students explore American geography, history, politics, health care, education, legal rights and responsibilities, consumer behavior, social customs and values, etc. Our course books are full of interesting facts about many different facets of living in the U.S. SPECIALIZATION While English schools in Chișinău are extremely versatile and teach everybody, from beginners to advanced students, and everything, from English for Kindergarten Children to Business English, Terra Nova is a highly specialized school. Our focusing on teaching only one course, TOEFL Preparation, guarantees our TOEFL instructor's professionalism, which is undoubtedly the most important school variable affecting student achievement. ESSAY CHECKING Terra Nova is the only language school in Chișinău where students' essays are regularly checked. Our students can submit as many essays for checking as they want. Our TOEFL instructor corrects grammar, spelling, and punctuation errors, helps with idea flow, logic, word choice, and sentence structure, corrects style-related mistakes, and gives feedback. Our essay correction service is available 24/7. Non-students may also use the service for a nominal fee. PRACTICE TESTS In the second half of each semester, our TOEFL instructor administers four TOEFL iBT simulations, or practice tests, which closely resemble the actual TOEFL iBT, in order to evaluate the overall progress of the students. By taking our TOEFL iBT simulations, our students can experience the real TOEFL iBT atmosphere, evaluate their strengths and weaknesses, and estimate the level of their preparedness for taking the actual TOEFL iBT. PERFECT LOCATION Our school is located in the very heart of Rîșcani Sector, Chișinău, at the intersection of Moscova Boulevard and Miron Costin Street. Our close neighbors are the largest Rîșcani branch of maib , Nr 1 (a supermarket), Maximum (an electronics and home appliance retailer), La Plăcinte (a fast-food restaurant), Linella (a convenience store), Librarius , Crosta (a bakery, cafe, and brunch restaurant), Jysk (a Danish home-furnishing and furniture retailer), Giant (a bicycle retail and service store), branches of FinComBank, Energbank, EXIMBANK, Moldindconbank, Victoriabank, and OTP Bank, Saperavi (a Georgian restaurant), Torro Grill (a steakhouse and barbecue restaurant), Foișor (a fast-food restaurant), Twister Kebap (a fast-food restaurant), Stăpînul Mesei Roastery (a craft coffee roastery, bakery, and cafe), Local Discounter (a supermarket), a Rîșcani branch of StarNet (an Internet service provider), and Andy's Pizza (a casual restaurant). The Soviet-Afghan War Memorial is located right across Moscova Boulevard. A McDonald's restaurant, a KFC restaurant, a Tucano Coffee outlet, Soiuz (a shopping center), Bomba (an electronics and home appliance retailer), and Wikiki (a Turkish ready-to-wear clothing and lifestyle retailer) are situated only one block from the center. COMPARE US We are not afraid of competition. We encourage you to compare us with English schools in Chișinău offering TOEFL preparation courses. With our small classes, comprehensive TOEFL iBT preparation program, engaging and experienced TOEFL instructor, convenient location, and reasonable tuition fees, you will find that choosing Terra Nova adds up to a superb value! If you have already decided to enroll in our TOEFL Preparation course, please check the current enrollment situation first. The enrollment in our school has been extremely competitive lately, and it is very important that you apply well in advance. Even though admission is competitive, Terra Nova's application process is simple and straightforward. We accept applications on an ongoing basis. APPLY NOW Copyright © 1998- by Andrei Fiodorov / Terra Nova ELC. All rights reserved.